Xiao Xi
You're not in my plan at all
My feelings for you are real
Xiao Xi
You're just like me
We are all people who have been hurt
Why can't you understand me?
Lai Jun Lin
Sinking in pain
There's no way out
What about you?
To take revenge on others
You can harm yourself
Why can't I
To take revenge on the person who harmed me?
What's wrong with me?
I love Gu Yan Chen
I won't let you hurt him
He is your brother
You are incestuous
A woman
Because the man did not love her
Pregnancy, childbirth
In the end, it was because of pneumonia
Died alone in the hospital
This is reality
So I have to destroy the Gu family
I have to destroy the Gu family
Jun Lin
You're crazy
Maybe so
I originally thought that
In this life, besides revenge
I have nothing else to do
But you know what?
I allied with He Jun Ya
It was to marry you
Xiao Xi
I once said
Your world is not only about Teddy bear
You still have me
Lai Jun Lin, I don't love you
Please let me go
Okay?
So
Even you
Also look down on me